uploadAsync() example: Update filesystem.md (#17967)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/filesystem.md

Upload the contents of the file pointed by `fileUri` to the remote url.

#### Example

**client**
```javascript
import * as FileSystem from 'expo-file-system'

> FileSystem.uploadAsync(
>     `http://192.168.0.1:1234/binary-upload`,
>     fileUri,
>     {
>         fieldName: "file",
>         httpMethod: "PATCH",
>         uploadType: FileSystem.FileSystemUploadType.BINARY_CONTENT,
>     }
> )
> .then(object => console.log(JSON.stringify(object,null,4)))
> .catch(error => console.log(error))

Reviewer: We prefer the async-await style and 2 spaces indent
```suggestion
try {
  const response = await FileSystem.uploadAsync(
    `http://192.168.0.1:1234/binary-upload`,
    fileUri,
    {
      fieldName: "file",
      httpMethod: "PATCH",
      uploadType: FileSystem.FileSystemUploadType.BINARY_CONTENT,
    }
  )
  console.log(JSON.stringify(response, null, 4))
} catch(error) {
  console.log(error)
}
```

```javascript
import * as FileSystem from 'expo-file-system'

try {
  const response = await FileSystem.uploadAsync(
    `http://192.168.0.1:1234/binary-upload`,
    fileUri,
    {
      fieldName: "file",
      httpMethod: "PATCH",
      uploadType: FileSystem.FileSystemUploadType.BINARY_CONTENT,
    }
  )
  console.log(JSON.stringify(response, null, 4))
} catch(error) {
  console.log(error)
}
```
**server**

> please refer to [how to handle such requests](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/filesystem/#how-to-handle-such-requests) with a simple Node.js server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the "[how to handle such requests](#how-to-handle-such-requests)" section - there is code for a simple Node.js server.
```
